so now it's mark Winterbottom's turn
four men left Winterbottom will be
followed by win cup that lands and then
Jason bride
second Philip Ireland in the L&H 500 be
behind you and lousy and he paired up
with Luke guild in there so he has had
pole position here before in 2007 and
what marks doing is a slightly different
approach again we see a lot more brake
throttle aggression than the early part
of Conrad Strait what he's trying to do
there is make temperature on the brake
rotor which then radiates into the rim
and then into the tire carcass and he's
doing it again now second gear on off on
off on off he's just alternating the two
pedals down in the footwell and again
starting his lap relatively light
what'd he do in qualifying yesterday
Scofield was a servant before
isn't quite enough grip you can just
hear the amount of throttle that he
could get on the car and the way he's
warming it up so let's just look for the
first two or three corners
cuz this will tell the story for mark
Winterbottom
so this is the last of the Fords
to head out inside the top 10 so blue
oval boys this is your last chance to
get pole position ride it with frosty
and he's a really good qualifier I love
watching these laps a little bit of
wheelspin out of turn one but not too
bad a nice clean exit this is so
important because this run up the hill
up to 260 kilometers an hour is so
important for the lap time now it's a
rocket ride the feet jump in the middle
and dramatic uphill braking that allows
you to really shut the car up there
deeply but if you get it too wide you're
in plenty of trouble we've seen evidence
event this weekend there's a nice entry
into there APA things probably better
than anybody yet you've also got a
really nice smooth run out of turn two
and also out of the cutting so up over
that rise we saw hard work with a big
moment that was very plain
sometimes folks claim is slow sometimes
claim is fast and that's a river job 51
86 blew smoke off the right front touch
the tire in the guard again let's have a
look whether it does at the next corner
that's very fast that's pretty well
behaved as the chassis doesn't it it's
not bouncing around and it's stable but
he's really driving the wheels off
just likely in exactly the same spot the
right-hander in the esses
he they're all just stop and he did a
really good job
ugly stop but he got it there
and well done Corvus economics
I think Lee got hurt more by his moment
in the right-hander on the run down the
mountain so Edmonton's who also crossed
frosty a little bit but not nearly as
much challenge provisional times that
have gone before him he'll know who's
coming after him he knows that wink uh
clowns and bright are ready to pounce so
this is the last chance to greenboxes
more than 2/10 of a second up on the
time of Lee Holdsworth here comes Mark
winner bottom send the Falcon will fight
back
we'll go to the top of the well time
celebrations before
frosty boy zero ice you were in front
man was that hard to watch Matt I'll
take that tell you what this is a worse
spot to be watching from but that's
awesome pole position we're getting our
first media conference we haven't made
it one all weekend yet so Ford's on pole
good start
you've got the hopes of the entire
forward nation resting on those
shoulders at the moment do you have what
it takes to convert that to a win
tomorrow tomorrow is a different day but
we'll celebrate this one tonight there
was only three Ford's in the top ten but
we've said quality over quantity for a
long time now so awesome feeling but
this means not a lot for tomorrow but
we've got glory rights on Saturday and
how do you spend race Eve you know what
does your head go through how do you try
and keep those things under control
ahead of the race tomorrow
what's tonight like well tonight's a lot
easier now that we're on Paul but you've
got to put it aside and really think
about the big picture which is tomorrow
but it's a lot you know look look at the
guys behind as we're celebrating this
it's a win on Saturday so that's awesome
I'm just relieved that's so hard
watching that it's it's painful